235 - Add ids tree (#341)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/components/ids-tree/README.MD

# Ids Tree Component

## Description

> The Trees component presents a hierarchical structure list. Each node in the hierarchy may have child nodes, and nodes that have children may be expanded or collapsed to show or hide the children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tree is a structure that is hierarchical in structure. The tree consists of categories, subcategories and is vertical in format.
Trees present a hierarchically structured list. Each node in the hierarchy may have child nodes, and nodes that have children may be expanded or collapsed to show or hide the children.
```
